Add file question and answer (#353)
projectcaluma/caluma: README.md

Afterwards you can configure it in `VALIDATION_CLASSES` as `caluma.extensions.validations.CustomValidation`.

## File question and answers
In order to make use of Calumas file question and answer, you need to set up a storage provider.

For the time being, only [MinIO](https://min.io/) is supported. Other providers may follow.

In the [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/projectcaluma/caluma/blob/master/docker-compose.yml)
you can find an example configuration for a MinIO container.

Following environment variables need to be set for caluma:

* `MEDIA_STORAGE_SERVICE`: defaults to "minio" (this is the only supported atm)
* `MINIO_STORAGE_ENDPOINT`: defaults to "minio:9000"
* `MINIO_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY`: defaults to "minio"
* `MINIO_STORAGE_SECRET_KEY`: defaults to "minio123"
* `MINIO_STORAGE_USE_HTTPS`: defaults to False
* `MINIO_STORAGE_MEDIA_BUCKET_NAME`: defaults to "caluma-media"
* `MINIO_STORAGE_AUTO_CREATE_MEDIA_BUCKET`: defaults to True
* `MINIO_PRESIGNED_TTL_MINUTES`: defaults to 15

> Caluma only handles metadata about files, not the files itself. When saving a `FileAnswer`, Calumna

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caluma only handles metadata about files, not the files itself. When saving a `FileAnswer`, Caluma
```

> will return a presigned `uploadUrl`. So the client can upload the file directly to the storage provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will return a presigned `uploadUrl`, which the client can use to upload the file directly to the storage provider.
```

The same goes for retrieving files. Caluma will respond with a presigned `downloadUrl` for

> the client to directly download the file from the storage provider.

Reviewer 2: This begs the question, how is file access / security solved?

Author: We're going this route, so caluma never has to deal with actual files. This minimizes overhead from passing files around.

> This begs the question, how is file access / security solved?

I don't know about all the features of MinIO in regard to that. Right now, this is handled by the need to make an authenticated request to caluma in order to get the presigned URL and a low TTL for those URLs.

Reviewer 2: Ah so the URL contain some cryptographic parts? In this case I think it's OK, and yes the separation of concerns is preferrable
